# Meeting Minutes: Device Identifier Sub-Project
## Date: 28th April 2023
## Attendees
- Eric Murray / Vodafone
- Ludovic Robert / Orange
- Rafal Artych / Deutsche Telekom
- Chris Howell / Vonage
- Shahram Mohajeri / AT&T
- Jussi Makela / CodeB
- Nevin Aquinas / Vodafone
## Pull Requests
- None open
## Issues
- **[Issue #19](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceIdentifier/issues/19) Secondary Devices**
  - Proposal is to return an additional device identifer if the primary device is associated with a secondary device (such as a smartwatch). The end user will know that they have such a device, but may not know any idenifiers for the SIM being used in that device.
  - Ludovic asked how the mobile network would be aware of this association. Eric to update the issue with more information.
- **[Issue #20](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceIdentifier/issues/20) Documentation**
  - Documentation needs to be updated given decision in Commonalities to embed documentation in API OAS definition using markdown and HTML
  - Eric to open PR with proposed documentation before next meeting
- **[Issue #21](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceIdentifier/issues/21) API Definition Terminology**
  - Some property names used in the API definition do not match those in the Commonalities glossary. Additionally, some terms used in the API are not in the glossary.
  - Eric to update names along with adding documentation, and also to submit PR to update glossary as appropriate.
## Discussions
- None
## AOB
- Next meeting Friday 26th May @ 15:00 BST
