# Meeting Minutes: Device Identifier Sub-Project
## Date: 26th May 2023
## Attendees
- Eric Murray / Vodafone
- Toshiyasu Wakayama / KDDI 
## Pull Requests
- **[PR #24](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceIdentifier/pull/24) Add API documentation to OAS definition v0.3.0**
  - Adds documentation to API description
  - Will be approved and merged before next meeting if no comments before
## Issues
- **[Issue #19](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceIdentifier/issues/19) Secondary Devices**
  - Additional information provided on how secondary devices associated with the primary MSISDN are identified
- **[Issue #21](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceIdentifier/issues/21) API Definition Terminology**
  - No update
- **[Issue #16](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceIdentifier/issues/20) Documentation**
  - Will be closed by [PR #24](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceIdentifier/pull/24)
## Discussions
- None open
## AOB
- Next meeting Friday 23rd June @ 15:00 BST
