# Meeting Minutes: Device Identifier Sub-Project
## Date: 21st July 2023
## Attendees
- Eric Murray / Vodafone
- Ludovic Robert / Orange
- Rafal Artych / Deutsche Telekom
## Pull Requests
- **[PR #24](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceIdentifier/pull/24) Add API documentation to OAS definition v0.3.0**
  - Approved and merged
- **[PR #27](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceIdentifier/pull/27) Update CAMARA Device Identifier API.yaml**
  - Changes method of sensitive input parameters from GET headers to POST body following update to CAMARA API design guidelines
    - This change would bring Device Identifier API into line with other APIs that use this method of passing sensitive parameters (e.g. Device Status, Device Location)
  - PR to remain open for now in case of any discussion. Can be approved at next meeting if no objections.
## Issues
- **[Issue #19](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceIdentifier/issues/19) Secondary Devices**
  - No update, but no appetite to progress this
  - Will be closed at next meeting if no other CAMARA participants express a requirement for this functionality
- **[Issue #20](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceIdentifier/issues/20) Documentation**
  - Now closed
- **[Issue #21](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceIdentifier/issues/21) API Definition Terminology**
  - Waiting for approval of [PR #27](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceIdentifier/pull/27).
## Discussions
- None open
## AOB
- Skipping August meeting due to holidays, so next meeting will be Friday 15th September @ 15:00 BST
