# Meeting Minutes: Device Identifier WG
## Date: 20th January 2023
## Attendees
- Eric Murray / Vodafone
- Ludovic Robert / Orange
- Rafal Artych / Deutsche Telekom
## Pull Requests
- [PR #7](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceIdentifier/pull/7)
  This is an update to the API specification to remove non-essential headers (currently being discussed in [Commonalities Issue #124](https://github.com/camaraproject/WorkingGroups/issues/124)) and extend error responses to multiple examples using `examples` rather than a single `example`. No comments raised, so will merge this PR next week.
## Issues
- **[Issue #4](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceIdentifier/issues/4): Update commonalities glossary with subproject relevant terms**

  Request from Shilpa to add WG specific terminology to the glossary. Primarily the responsibility of the WG lead, but anybody can contribute.
## Discussions
### WG Code Owners
- Current code owners are both from Vodafone. It would be useful to have additional code owners from other companies.

  **Currently neither Ludovic nor Rafal can commit to this**
## AOB
- Next meeting Friday 3rd February @ 15:00 GMT
