# Meeting Minutes: Device Identifier Sub-Project
## Date: 31st March 2023
## Attendees
- Eric Murray / Vodafone
- Ludovic Robert / Orange
- Rafal Artych / Deutsche Telekom
## Pull Requests
- **[PR #13](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceIdentifier/pull/13) Update CAMARA Device Identifier API.yaml**
  - Specification changes to be compliant with current design and documentation guidelines in Commonalities WG
  - Will be merged by CoB 6th April if no comments
## Issues
- None Outstanding
## Discussions
- **Meeting Cadence**
  - Agreed to make meetings monthly given low meeting attendance and dependencies on other CAMARA working groups and sub-projects
## AOB
- Next meeting Friday 28th April @ 15:00 BST
