# Meeting Minutes: Device Identifier WG
## Date: 3rd February 2023
## Attendees
- Eric Murray / Vodafone
- Ludovic Robert / Orange
- Rafal Artych / Deutsche Telekom
## Pull Requests
- None outstanding
## Issues
- **[Issue #4](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceIdentifier/issues/4): Update commonalities glossary with subproject relevant terms**
  - Still outstanding.
## Discussions
### API Evolution
- V0.0.1 of the API has now been merged into the main branch. Further evolution of the API will depend on ongoing discussions within the Commonalities WG, particularly around the design guidelines and common API definitions. No further updates will be proposed until these issues are finalised.
## AOB
- Next meeting Friday 17th February @ 15:00 GMT
