# Meeting Minutes: Device Identifier Sub-Project
## Date: 23rd June 2023
## Attendees
- Eric Murray / Vodafone
- Ludovic Robert / Orange
- Rafal Artych / Deutsche Telekom
- Tim Kittel / Rohde & Schwarz
## Pull Requests
- **[PR #24](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceIdentifier/pull/24) Add API documentation to OAS definition v0.3.0**
  - Adds documentation to API description
  - Request to add indication of supporting network element as SCEF / NEF does not provide IMEI
    - In this case, IMEI can be obtained from PCRF over Rx interface. Suggested implementation to be added to documentation.
  - Will be approved and merged before next meeting if no other comments before
  - Following update will be to replace GET with POST as this method is now approved in CAMARA Design Guidelines
## Issues
- **[Issue #19](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceIdentifier/issues/19) Secondary Devices**
  - Additional information provided on how secondary devices associated with the primary MSISDN are identified
  - Issue discussed, but no update
- **[Issue #21](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceIdentifier/issues/21) API Definition Terminology**
  - No update, waiting for approval of [PR #24](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceIdentifier/pull/24).
- **[Issue #16](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceIdentifier/issues/20) Documentation**
  - Will be closed by [PR #24](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceIdentifier/pull/24)
## Discussions
- None open
## AOB
- Next meeting Friday 21st July @ 15:00 BST
