# Meeting Minutes: Device Identifier Sub-Project
## Date: 17th March 2023
## Attendees
- Eric Murray / Vodafone
- Ludovic Robert / Orange
- Rafal Artych / Deutsche Telekom
- Chris Howell / Vonage
- Shahram Mohajeri / AT&T
- Jussi Makela / CodeB
- Stefan Engelbert / CodeB
## Pull Requests
- None outstanding
## Issues
- None outstanding
## Discussions
- **API Overview**
  - Eric gave a brief overview of the API for new attendees
## AOB
- Next meeting Friday 31st March @ 15:00 BST
