# Meeting Minutes: Device Identifier WG
## Date: 17th February 2023
## Attendees
- Eric Murray / Vodafone
## Pull Requests
- None outstanding
## Issues
- **[Issue #4](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceIdentifier/issues/4) Update commonalities glossary with subproject relevant terms**
  - Glossary terms submitted. Issue now closed.
## Discussions
- None
## AOB
- Next meeting Friday 3rd March @ 15:00 GMT
