# Meeting Minutes: Device Identifier Sub-Project
## Date: 15th September 2023
## Attendees
- Eric Murray / Vodafone
## Pull Requests
- **[PR #27](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceIdentifier/pull/27) Update CAMARA Device Identifier API.yaml**
  - Changes method of sensitive input parameters from GET headers to POST body following update to CAMARA API design guidelines
    - This change would bring Device Identifier API into line with other APIs that use this method of passing sensitive parameters (e.g. Device Status, Device Location)
  - **PR approved as no comments. Can be now merged.**
- **[PR #29](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceIdentifier/pull/29) Update README.md**
  - Add links to Swagger Editor and ReDoc formatted versions of current WIP specification
  - **PR approved as no comments. Can now be merged.**
## Issues
- **[Issue #19](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceIdentifier/issues/19) Secondary Devices**
  - Issue to be closed as no interest
- **[Issue #21](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceIdentifier/issues/21) API Definition Terminology**
  - Can be progressed with conclusion to be agreed at next meeting
- **[Issue #30](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceIdentifier/issues/30) Security Schemes and Scopes for Device Identifier API**
  - New issue containing proposal for security schemes and scopes to be adopted by the Device Identifier API
  - Will leave open for comments until next meeting
## Discussions
- None open
## AOB
- Next meeting will be Friday 13th October @ 15:00 BST
